[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
NICE TO MEET YOU. I'M GAUKO
[crowd screaming]
[suspenseful music playing]
[roar]
[helicopter thrumming]
[crowd screaming]
[crowd yelping]
[roar]
[Gauko gasps]
[yelps]
[boing]
[bing]
[body thud]
[zing]
[mom] Naoko!
Naoko!
-Huh?
-[birds chirping]
[moans]
It was just a dream...
[Naoko yells] I'm late for school!
[wimpering] Mom! Where's my lunch?
I put it in your bag already.
[effort]
See you later!
[door opens, closes]
Have a good day!
First day at her new school
and she's already frantic.
[panting]
[grunts]
[laughs] That's right!
[effort]
[Naoko] This scene happens often
in comic books.
The heroine of the story
is late for school,
turns the corner, and--
-[crash]
-Wah!
Ouch.
Watch where you're going!
[Naoko] And that would be the beginning
of a love story.
[giggling]
-[crash]
-[Naoko reacts]
Ouch!
-[boing]
-Ouch!
-Huh?
-[magical music playing]
The beginning of my love story!
Huh?
[badum tish]
Hey! Why is there a signboard here?
-[growl]
-[Takashi laughs]
What are you doing?
-What?
-[scoffs]
What a loser!
What the...!
[growls]
Oh, no. I can't get mad!
[tense violin music playing]
-Ah!
-Outta my way!
Mm.
[indistinct chatter]
[Mr. R3] Quiet down, everyone.
I'm going to introduce your new classmate
who'll join us starting today.
-[Kinpika] A transfer student?
-[Takashi] I wonder who it is.
[Mr. R3] You can come in.
Oh, okay.
My name is Naoko Watanabe.
Nice to meet you all.
It's you!
She was eating toast while running
and ran into a sign.
Why are you wearing that?
It looks ridiculous!
What you're wearing is more ridiculous.
I think they're equal.
[students laugh]
[violin music continues]
[music ends]
[sighs]
[school bell ringing]
[laughing]
Hey, can we call you Naoko?
Huh? [stutters] Oh, sure.
I'm Kana.
I'm Erika.
Kana and Erika.
-Can I ask you something, Naoko?
-What?
-Why are you wearing a sailor outfit?
-Huh?
Well, this is the uniform
from my last school.
I guess you had no choice
since it's a uniform.
We were wondering
why you were wearing that.
[laughs]
Mmm.
Um, please excuse me...
-Huh?
[laughs]
Err... Uh...
Sneak, sneak!
Ruff, ruff.
Excuse me!
Yeah?
Where's the bathroom?
Go straight and it's to the left.
Oh... thank you!
Or was it to the right?
[panting]
-[Kinpika] Whoa!
-[Takashi] What's with you?
-[Keisuke] This is the boy's bathroom!
-[screams]
[gasps] She tricked me and lied to me.
This is horrible!
-[growl]
-[door opens]
Gau! Halley!
[yelps]
[school bell ringing]
[Erika] Naoko, let's have lunch together.
[Naoko] Sure!
[indistinct chatter, giggles]
-[laughing]
-[Naoko gasps]
[Naoko] Wh-- why is mine so small?
At Dad's workplace...
Why is mine so big?
[Naoko] This is Dad's lunch.
I have a sandwich.
I have rice balls.
How about you, Naoko?
Er, I guess I forgot mine.
Then you can have some of mine.
[Naoko] Huh? Are you sure?
[Kana] Here's some of mine, too.
[Naoko] Thank you!
[humming]
[Babu] Hey, you!
Huh?
[yelps]
You should be careful
of that sort of stuff.
What sort of stuff?
-I'm talking about Kana and Erika.
-What?
Anyone who makes friends
with a transfer student...
they usually have ulterior motives.
The class losers make friends with new
students because they have no friends.
Ugh.
Today we're playing soccer for gym class.
[panting]
There!
[grunts] Tah!
Ha!
Huh?
Well, whether you're good at soccer or not
has nothing to do with life.
[giggling]
Arf!
-[effort, giggling]
-[Mutchan] Oh.
Huh. Yamada might actually be cool.
-Here it comes, Watanabe!
-Huh?
[Takashi] Kick it in the goal!
[yelling]
[grunts] Ooh!
[laughing] What a loser!
Argh. Never mind! He's awful.
[growl]
No, no. Don't get mad.
Well, that was embarrassing.
-Hmpf.
-What?
What? What's going on?
[crying]
You better watch out
around that transfer student.
She's telling everyone
that you two are bullying her.
-[Kana] That's horrible!
-[Erika] Unbelievable!
She's a scary woman.
She can lie as easily as she can breathe.
[Naoko] That's what you're doing!
-[ping]
-Babu?
[Kana, Erika] Huh?
You're the one with the worst personality!
[ding]
Hey, sorry!
[growl]
It's 'cause you were just standing there.
-[laughs]
-[growling] I can't stand it anymore.
-I'm sick of all of you!
-Oh!
[roaring]
-Gau!
-[screams]
Babu!
[roar]
[screams]
This is so cool--
Ouch...
[roaring] Gau, gau, gau, gau! Gau!
[ending song playing]
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪